Update of Image and Guide Content for Span Name Change (#44)
OpenLiberty/guide-microprofile-telemetry-jaeger: README.adoc

include::finish/inventory/src/main/java/io/openliberty/guides/inventory/InventoryManager.java[]
----

> The [hotspot=listMethod file=0]`list()` and [hotspot=addMethod file=0]`add()` methods are annotated with the [hotspot=addWithSpan hotspot=listWithSpan file=0]`@WithSpan` annotation, which can accept an optional parameter functioning as the span's name. In this example, the default span name has been designated for the [hotspot=listMethod file=0]`list()` method, which is automatically generated through instrumentation. If you prefer a custom span name, as demonstrated in the case of the [hotspot=addMethod file=0]`add()` method, [hotspot=addWithSpan file=0]`Inventory Manager Add` has been designated as the span name. The OpenTelemetry instrumentation provides a new span for each method. You can now collect and trace the spans across different services. After creating a span, you have the option to include desired parameters with their values in the span by using the [hotspot=spanAttribute file=0]`@SpanAttribute` annotation. For example, the [hotspot=spanAttribute file=0]`host` parameter is assigned [hotspot=spanAttribute file=0]`hostname` as its attribute name using the [hotspot=spanAttribute file=0]`@SpanAttribute` annotation, which gives the benefit of tracing the parameters within the [hotspot=addMethod file=0]`add` span.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [hotspot=listMethod file=0]`list()` and [hotspot=addMethod file=0]`add()` methods are annotated with the [hotspot=addWithSpan hotspot=listWithSpan file=0]`@WithSpan` annotation, which can accept an optional parameter that functions as the span name. In this example, the default span name is specifed for the [hotspot=listMethod file=0]`list()` method, which is automatically generated through instrumentation. You can also specify a custom span name. For example, [hotspot=addWithSpan file=0]`Inventory Manager Add` is specified as the span name for the [hotspot=addMethod file=0]`add()` method. The OpenTelemetry instrumentation provides a new span for each method. You can now collect and trace the spans across different services. 

Optionally, you can include parameters and their values in the span by using the [hotspot=spanAttribute file=0]`@SpanAttribute` annotation. For example, the [hotspot=spanAttribute file=0]`@SpanAttribute` annotation specifies [hotspot=spanAttribute file=0]`hostname` as the attribute name for the [hotspot=spanAttribute file=0]`host` parameter , which helps trace the parameter within the [hotspot=addMethod file=0]`add` span.
```
